[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: F7 Muxes over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more F7 Muxes cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 143948 of such cell types but only 58560 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: F8 Muxes over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more F8 Muxes cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 61862 of such cell types but only 29280 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: FDRE over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more FDRE cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 295023 of such cell types but only 234944 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: LUT as Logic over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more LUT as Logic cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 439919 of such cell types but only 117120 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device. Please set tcl parameter "drc.disableLUTOverUtilError" to 1 to change this error to warning.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: LUT6 over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more LUT6 cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 336982 of such cell types but only 117120 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: MUXF7 over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more MUXF7 cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 143948 of such cell types but only 58560 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: MUXF8 over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more MUXF8 cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 61862 of such cell types but only 29280 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: RAMB18 and RAMB36/FIFO over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more RAMB18 and RAMB36/FIFO cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 304 of such cell types but only 288 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: Register as Flip Flop over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more Register as Flip Flop cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 298821 of such cell types but only 234240 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)

[DRC UTLZ-1] Resource utilization: Slice Registers over-utilized in Top Level Design (This design requires more Slice Registers cells than are available in the target device. This design requires 298821 of such cell types but only 234240 compatible sites are available in the target device. Please analyze your synthesis results and constraints to ensure the design is mapped to Xilinx primitives as expected. If so, please consider targeting a larger device.)
