Setup
Worst Negative Slack (WNS):    0.526 ns
Total Negative Slack (TNS):    0.000 ns
Number of Failing Endpoints:   0
Total Number of Endpoints:     367280

Hold
Worst Hold Slack (WHS):        -0.082 ns
Total Hold Slack (THS):        -2003.569 ns
Number of Failing Endpoints:   70362
Total Number of Endpoints:     367280

Pulse Width
Worst Pulse Width Slack (WPWS):            0.520 ns
Total Pulse Width Negative Slack (TPWS):   0.000 ns
Number of Failing Endpoints:               0
Total Number of Endpoints:                 123354

Timing constraints are not met.

notes from vivado docs:
The Vivado router performs optimization during routing 
to resolve hold time violations and balance compile time, 
maximum clock frequency, and congestion. While Xilinx/AMD 
provides predefined strategies that tune the implementation 
tools, you can also apply specific directives to the route_design 
step to alter this behavior.
Here are the specific routing strategies and directives detailed 
in the methodology guide, along with when to choose them:
General Routing Directives
Default: The router balances compile time with achieving the design's 
operating clock frequency and alleviating congestion. You should 
always use the default directive initially when starting a design.

AlternateCLBRouting: This directive forces the router to work harder 
to access more routing resources to relieve congestion in interconnect 
tiles. Choose this if you are targeting an UltraScale device and are 
experiencing long short congestion, or a combination of short and long 
congestion.
Explore/Aggressive Directives: While specific names are not exhaustively
listed listed for routing, the guide notes that some directives will 
deliberately sacrifice compile time to aggressively reduce congestion or 
push for a better maximum clock frequency. Choose these other directives 
only when your design nears completion to explore the solution space if 
defaults fail to close timing.

Incremental Implementation Route Directives 
When using the incremental implementation flow to reuse existing placement 
and routing data, you can apply specific incremental directives to define 
your target Worst Negative Slack (WNS):
RuntimeOptimized: Targets the WNS from your reference checkpoint to maintain
 consistency. Choose this to improve placer and router run time by at least
2x when you do not need to push for better timing than the reference
.
TimingClosure: Targets a WNS of 0.000 ns and can improve WNS by up to 250 ps on difficult designs
. Choose this when your reference run is very close to meeting timing and you are 
willing to trade off runtime and consistency for extra effort to close timing.
Quick: A flow that is not timing-driven, where placement is driven by related logic
.
Additional Routing Options
route_design -ultrathreads: This option gives the router extra freedom to execute multiple 
threads simultaneously. Choose this only if your environment does not require strictly 
repeatable results and you want to significantly reduce router compile time.